DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
THIS DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT (“Data Processing Agreement”) is made and entered into on 23 July
2020 (“Effective Date”) by and between
1. Mateon Therapeutics INC., a company organized and existing under the laws of Delaware and having its
registered office at 29397 Agoura Rd., Suite 107, Agoura Hills, CA 91301, USA (“Controller”); and
2. Impatients N.V., acting under the name myTomorrows, a company organized and existing under the laws
of the Netherlands and having its registered office at Anthony Fokkerweg 61, 1059 CP Amsterdam, the
Netherlands (“Processor”);
Each of the above parties are individually referred to as “Party” and jointly as “Parties”.
RECITALS
A. WHEREAS, Controller and Processor entered into a service agreement as of 23 July 2020 (“Agreement”)
pursuant to which Processor agreed to provide certain services to Controller as specified in the Agreement,
including any statements of work, and Privacy Annex (Annex 1) to this Data Processing Agreement
(“Services”);
B. WHEREAS, Controller engages Processor to on behalf of Controller process Personal Data defined in the
Privacy Annex (Annex 1) and any other personal data processed by Processor on behalf of Controller
pursuant to the Agreement (“Personal Data”);
C. WHEREAS, this Data Processing Agreement includes the terms and conditions governing the processing of
Personal Data by Processor on behalf of Controller with the aim to ensure the Parties comply with Applicable
Laws as defined below.
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1. For the purposes of this Data Processing Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions and
interpretation:
“Applicable Laws” means any EU, EU Member State, national, regional and local laws, rules, regulations,
declarations, requirements, guidelines approved by supervisory or other competent bodies and polices that apply to or
govern the processing of Personal Data as set out in the Privacy Annex (Annex 1), including the General Data
Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and relevant national laws, as amended from time to time.
“EEA” means European Economic Area.
“Personal Data Breach” means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration,
unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
“Subprocessor” means any data processor (including any third party and any Processor Affiliate) engaged by Processor
to process personal data on behalf of Controller.
Page 1 of 7
“Supervisory Authority” means (a) an independent public authority which is established by a Member State pursuant
to Article 51 GDPR; and (b) any similar regulatory authority responsible for the enforcement of Applicable Laws.
1.2 Other terms like “process/processing”, “data subject”, “(data) processor”, “(data) controller”, “data protection
impact assessment”, etc. shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Applicable Laws with regard to the Personal
Data.
2. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
2.1. Processor shall provide the Services and shall process the Personal Data within the context of the Agreement on
behalf of Controller and for the specific purposes as set out in the Privacy Annex (Annex 1) to this Data Processing
Agreement.
2.2. Processor represents and warrants that it shall not process, transfer, modify, amend or alter the Personal Data or
disclose or permit the disclosure of the Personal Data to any third party other than in accordance with the Controller’s
documented instructions (in the Principal Agreement or otherwise), unless processing is required by EU or Member
State law to which Processor is subject, in which case Processor shall to the extent permitted by such law inform
Controller of that legal requirement before processing that Personal Data. Processor shall not process Personal Data
for own purposes, except where it is regarded as data controller for the processing of Personal Data.
2.3. Controller represents and warrants that it is fully authorized and entitled to provide the Personal Data to Processor
for processing and let Processor process the Personal Data for the purposes of the Agreement and for the specific
purposes as set out in the Privacy Annex (Annex 1) and in execution of the Services.
3. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
3.1. Processor shall promptly, and in any case within five (5) working days, notify Controller if it receives a request
from a data subject under any Applicable Laws in respect of Personal Data, including requests by a data subject to
exercise rights in Chapter III of GDPR, and shall provide full details of that request.
3.2. Processor shall provide all reasonable assistance to Controller to enable Controller to comply with any exercise
of rights by a data subject under any Applicable Laws in respect of Personal Data and comply with any assessment,
enquiry, notice or investigation under Applicable Laws in respect of Personal Data or this Data Processing Agreement.
4. SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
4.1. Without prejudice to any other security requirements agreed upon between the Parties, Processor shall protect the
processing of Personal Data and ensure a level of security of the Personal Data appropriate to the risk in accordance
with Article 32 GDPR, among others by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures, that in view of the
current state of the art and the related costs are in line with the nature of the Personal Data to be processed, the scope,
context and purposes of the processing of the Personal Data, as well as the risk varying according to likelihood and
severity for the rights and freedoms of data subjects. These measures encompass, where appropriate:
4.1.1. the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and
services;
4.1.2. the ability to restore the availability and access to Personal Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical
or technical incident;
Page 2 of 7
4.1.3. a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational
measures for ensuring the security of processing.
4.2. The Parties acknowledge that security requirements are constantly changing, and that effective security requires
frequent evaluation and regular improvements of outdated security measures. Processor shall therefore continuously
evaluate the technical and organisational measures as described herein and shall tighten, supplement and improve
these security measures to maintain compliance with Applicable Laws.
5. PERSONAL DATA BREACHES
5.1. Processor shall notify Controller without unreasonable delay upon becoming aware of a Personal Data Breach in
connection with the processing of Personal Data and shall provide Controller with information to allow Controller to
meet any obligations to report a Personal Data Breach under the Applicable Laws. Such notification shall as a
minimum:
5.1.1. describe the nature of the Personal Data Breach, the data subjects concerned, and the Personal Data records
concerned;
5.1.2. communicate the name and contact details of Processor’s data protection officer or other relevant contact form
whom more information may be obtained;
5.1.3. describe the likely consequences of the Personal Data Breach; and
5.1.4. describe the measures taken or proposed to address the Personal Data Breach.
5.2. Processor shall provide all reasonable assistance and shall take all reasonably steps to assist in the investigation,
mitigation and remediation of each Personal Data Breach to enable Controller to (i) perform a thorough investigation
into the Personal Data Breach, (ii) formulate a correct response; and (iii) to take further steps in respect of the Personal
Data Breach in order to meet any requirements under the Applicable Laws.
6. SUBPROCESSORS
6.1. From the Effective Date of this Data Processing Agreement, Processor may use the Subprocessors set out in the
Privacy Annex (Annex 1). Processor may use additional Subprocessors to process Personal Data only with the prior
written approval of Controller, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
7.1. If and insofar the Personal Data is processed outside of the EEA, the Parties shall only process the Personal Data
when there is an adequate level of protection in place.
8. CONFIDENTIALITY
8.1. In accordance with the confidentiality provisions of the Agreement, Processor shall keep Personal Data
confidential. For the avoidance of doubt, all Personal Data shall be considered as Confidential Information in the
Agreement.
9. DATA PROTECTION IMPACT ASSESSMENT AND PRIOR CONSULTATION
9.1. Processor shall provide reasonable assistance to Controller with any data protection impact assessments which
are required under Article 35 GDPR and with any prior consultations to any Supervisory Authority of Controller or
any of its affiliates which are required under Article 36 GDPR, in each case in relation to processing of Personal Data
by Processor on behalf of Controller and taking into account the nature of the processing and information available to
Processor.
Page 3 of 7
10. PROVISION OF INFORMATION AND AUDITS
10.1. Processor shall make available to Controller on request any relevant information that is reasonably necessary to
demonstrate compliance with this Data Processing Agreement.
10.2. Processor shall allow for and reasonably contribute to audits of the processing of Personal Data and the premises
where such processing takes place. Processor shall provide all reasonable cooperation to Controller in respect of any
such audit and shall at the request of Controller, provide Controller with evidence of compliance with its obligations
under this Data Processing Agreement. Processor shall immediately inform Controller if, in its opinion, an instruction
pursuant to this Clause 10 infringes any Applicable Laws.
11. INDEMNITY AND LIABILITY
11.1. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Agreement or this Data Processing Agreement to the contrary, each Party
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party from any claims (including third party claims), suits,
demands, judgements, actions, liabilities, expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) and damages of any kind
relating to its breach of this Data Processing Agreement, and/or its negligence or wilful misconduct.
11.2. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Agreement or this Data Processing Agreement to the contrary, the
limitation of liability set forth in the Agreement shall also apply to this Data Processing Agreement.
12. DURATION AND TERMINATION
12.1. This Data Processing Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for the duration that Processor processes
Personal Data on behalf of Controller under the Agreement.
12.2. Any obligation imposed on either Party under this Data Processing Agreement, or any provision that by their
nature is intended to survive this Data Processing Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of this Data
Processing Agreement.
13. STORAGE, RETURN AND DESTRUCTION
13.1. Processor shall store the Personal Data no longer than strictly necessary (i) for the provision of Services; (ii) if
a storage period is agreed between the Parties, no longer than this storage period; or (iii) to comply with statutory
obligations.
13.2. Processor shall promptly, of the earlier of: (i) no longer processing of Personal Data; or (ii) termination of the
Agreement, at the choice of Controller either: (a) return a complete copy of all Personal Data to Controller and securely
wipe all other copies of Personal Data processed by Processor or any Subprocessor; or (b) securely wipe all copies of
Personal Data processed by Processor or any Subprocessor; and in each case provide written confirmation to
Controller that it has complied with this Clause 13, except insofar Processor is required by Applicable Laws to retain
such Personal Data.
14. MISCELLANEOUS
14.1. Modifications or amendments of this Data Processing Agreement shall only be effective if made in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of both Parties.
14.2. If any provision of this Data Processing Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder shall remain
valid and in force.
14.3. In the event of inconsistencies between the provisions of this Data Processing Agreement and the Agreement
and/or any Scope of Work, the provisions of this Data Processing Agreement shall prevail with regard to the Parties’
data protection obligations.
Page 4 of 7
14.4. This Data Processing Agreement shall be governed by and in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands,
without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of a different
jurisdiction. Any disputes arising out or in connection with this Data Processing Agreement shall be brought
exclusively before the competent court of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Data Processing Agreement as of the Effective
Date by their duly authorized signatories.
Impatients N.V. Mateon Therapeutics INC.
Signature:/s/ Vuong Trieu Signature:/s/ Peter Erik de Ridders
By: Vuong Trieu By: Pieter Erik de Ridders
Title: CEO Title: General Counsel
Date: 24 July 2020 Date: 23 July 2020
Page 5 of 7
PRIVACY ANNEX (ANNEX 1)
1. SUBJECT MATTER OF THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Processor and Controller have entered into the Agreement pursuant to which Processor agreed to provide certain
Services to Controller, wherein Processor, as a service provider to Controller, shall conduct Expanded Access Program
management and RWD collection management for (potential) patients on behalf of Controller. In providing these
Services, Processor shall process Personal Data of these (potential) patients. This Annex 1 states which Personal Data
will be processed by Processor and for what purposes.
2. NATURE AND PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Controller shall obtain the necessary consent of the (potential) patients participating in Expanded Access Programs,
to be processed by Processor for the following purposes:
● Expanded Access Program management on Mateon’s behalf for the Services as specifically described in the
Agreement (and separate Statements of Work).
● RWD collection management on Mateon’s behalf for the Services as specifically described in the Agreement
(and separate Statements of Work).
3. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA TO BE PROCESSED
Processor shall process the following (categories of) Personal Data in the performance of the Services to Controller
under the Agreement:
● Personal identification data including first name, last name, initials, date of birth, sex/gender, email address,
phone number, city of residence, country of residence.
● Technical/device data including browser, IP-address, usernames.
● Personal medical data including relevant health care information (e.g. weight, heart rate, disability), relevant
demographics, relevant disease history, dosing, safety data, effectiveness data, ethnic origin (if necessary).
4. CATEGORIES OF DATA SUBJECTS TO WHOM THE PERSONAL DATA RELATES
Processor shall process the Personal Data of the following (categories of) data subjects in the execution of the Services
to Controller under the Agreement:
● Patients participating in an Expanded Access Program
● Patients participating in RWD collection.
5. LIST OF SUBPROCESSORS
Processor uses the following Subprocessors in the execution of the Services to Controller under the Agreement:
Name Description Location
Microsoft Azure /
Dynamics 365
Provides applications and servers that myTomorrows uses for general
day-to-day business and performance of its day-to-day services to clients
(e.g. emails and storage).
EU
Castor EDC Provides an application and servers for the collection and management of
data that is used by myTomorrows in the performance of the Services,
including RWD collection.
EU
Page 6 of 7
6. DATA PROTECTION CONTACTS
All notices, requests, demands and approvals under this Data Processing Agreement and with regard to any privacy
matters shall be sent to the following contacts:
myTomorrows
Name: Pieter Erik de Ridders
Function: General Counsel and Data Protection Officer
Email: pietererik.deridders@mytomorrows.com
Phone: +31 (0)88 525 3 888
Mateon Therapeutics
Name:
Function:
Email:
Phone:
Page 7 of 7